various today
okay matey where are you today
well you mate hello here he comes
hello there you go hello mate
how you doing I can't reach you up there
you're coming down come on let's go over
a bow table come on I'm going this way
come on in here we go there you go right
excellent all right hang on swap myself
out okay yeah cat food for dinner and
then reason is for pudding yeah that
good okay hang on a sec come here mate
come here
here we go come here there you go right
so I don't know let's sit down here I
thought you'd probably have to sit on my
knee today there you go Stephanie get
your stuff my mom's coming
that's coming wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute fine of tweezers
there we go all right bit of cat food
there we go
what's this
very good fat cat food I'm not there you
go a bit of raisin raisin Oh dropped it
now
you always pick it up with me okay
how's that yummy I'm a small bit I love
it
you go excellent there you go I like
your ass stop that